# Manual_Testing_Udemy
Hello and welcome! This GitHub repository contains the manual testing documentation (excel file) for udemy.com,Udemy is an online learning platform that offers both paid and free courses to students around the world. From a computer or mobile device, students can learn web development, machine learning, and data analytics.This repository contains essential information and illustration related to the manual testing process conducted on udemy website.
# About Udemy
Udemy is a platform that allows instructors to build online courses on their preferred topics. Using Udemy's course development tools, instructors can upload videos, source code for developers, PowerPoint presentations, PDFs, audio, ZIP files and any other content that learners might find helpful. Instructors can also engage and interact with users via online discussion boards.Courses are offered across a wide breadth of categories, including business and entrepreneurship, academics, the arts, health and fitness, language, music, and technology. Most classes are in practical subjects such as AWS and Azure training, Excel software or using an iPhone camera.[28] Udemy also offers Udemy Business (formerly Udemy for Business), enabling businesses access to a targeted suite of over 24,000 courses on topics from digital marketing tactics to office productivity, design, management, programming, and more. With Udemy Business, organizations can also create custom learning portals for corporate training. For smaller companies, Udemy offers a Udemy Team Plan that is a limited seat license but identical content to that of Udemy Business.
# Content
•	Mindmap: Explore the mindmap that visually represents the interconnected features, functionalities, and potential testing scenarios of udemy.com. A mind map involves writing down a central theme and thinking of new and related ideas which radiate out from the centre. By focusing on key ideas written down in your own words and looking for connections between them, you can map knowledge in a way that will help you to better understand and retain information.
•	Test Cases: A test case is a document, which has a set of test data, preconditions, expected results and postconditions, developed for a particular test scenario in order to verify compliance against a specific requirement.
•	Test Reports: Test Report is a document which contains a summary of all test activities and final test results of a testing project. Test report is an assessment of how well the Testing is performed. Based on the test report, stakeholders can evaluate the quality of the tested product and make a decision on the software release.
•	Bug Reports: A "Bug Report" in the context of Android mobile devices refers to a detailed report that describes any issues, problems, or unexpected behavior encountered in an Android app or the operating system itself.
•	Test Metrics: Test metrics are indicators of the efficiency, effectiveness, quality and performance of software testing techniques. These metrics allow professionals to collect data about various testing procedures and devise ways to make them more efficient. 
